Big Data Analytics - 594 at San Diego State University, Web Assignment 1

1) I would like to introduce the following dataset, [National Centers for Environmental Information](https://www.ncei.noaa.gov/).
The National Center for Environmental Information has an incredibly large amount of data including comprehensive oceanic, atmospheric, and geophysical data.  They archive about 230 terabytes of data every month. It allows users to search through data from NOAA from several locations, formats, time periods and scientific disciplines. The NCIE is the most extensive collection of climate data collected by ships, radar, satellites, several other sources.  The applications of this data are near limitless, but I can imagine a project in which marine biologists use ocean temperature data to help explain the change in animal migration patterns. This data could also be used by specialists in the field of public policy to plan for hurricanes and storms in coastal cities.

2) I would like to introduce the following free book, [Applied Data Science](http://columbia-applied-data-science.github.io/appdatasci.pdf), written by Ian Langmore and Daniel Krasner of Columbia University. I am interested in this book because it appears to explain how data science is leveraged in the real world and not just in theory.  It covers several topics that I expect to be valuable skills in my career as a data scientist, including time series, developing software in teams, and fundamental statistical algorithms. 
